README.md, before:

## E-Commerce App - Furn House
This is an E-Commerce Project that aims to sell Furniture goods like Sofas, Wardrobes, Beds etc. <br/>
[https://furn-house.vercel.app](https://furn-house.vercel.app)

## Features
- ### Home Page
  - A landing page with a list of featured categories. 
  - A Section having trending products of the e-commerce.
  - Services provided by us.

- ### Product Listing Page
  - a product listing page where all the products are listed with a section of filters.
  - Product listing page includes multiple filters like - 
    - **Price Range**: A Slider to show products within a price price range.
    - **Sort Price**: A radio button to sort from low to high & high to low.
    - **Filter By Category**: A checkbox with various categories according to the theme.
    - **Ratings**: Radio buttons to filter products based on ratings.
  - A clearfilters btn to clear all filters.
  - A list of all products with Add to Cart btn & Wishlist icon
 
 - ### Cart Management
   - User can add products to cart from ProductsPage & Wishlist Page too.
   - Cart Shows a list of products in the cart with Qty of each product.
   - Increase/Decrease Qty of products in cart.
   - Delete Item from Cart or Move items to Wishlist directly.
   - **Cart Summary** -
      - Total Price of the items excluding Tax.
      - Total Amount Saved with Discounts.
      - Total Tax Payable.
      - Total Price of The Cart
      - Place Order CTA button
  - ### Wishlist Management
      - Total Products in Wishlist.
      - Remove from Wishlist & Add To Cart Btn.
  - ### Login
      - I can login using my **email** and **password**.

# Login Credentials
```
email: adarshbalika@gmail.com
password: adarshBalika123
```

Commit message:

Updated Readme with new Feats.
Added Features: 
- Payment Integration
- Pagination.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="/public/assets/android-chrome-512x512.png" height="100" width="100" alt="logo"/>
  <h1>Furn House</h1>
  <p> <a href="https://furnhouse.tusharcodes.tech">Furn House</a> is an E-Commerce Project that aims to sell Furniture goods like Sofas, Wardrobes, Beds etc.</p>
 </div>

## Features
- ### Home Page
  - A landing page with a list of featured categories.
  - A Section having trending products of the e-commerce.
  - Services provided by us.

- ### Product Listing Page
  - a product listing page where all the products are listed with a **maximum of 8 products per Page using Pagination** and a section of filters.
  - Product listing page includes multiple filters like - 
    - **Price Range**: A Slider to show products within a price price range.
    - **Sort Price**: A radio button to sort from low to high & high to low.
    - **Filter By Category**: A checkbox with various categories according to the theme.
    - **Ratings**: Radio buttons to filter products based on ratings.
  - A clearfilters btn to clear all filters.
  - A list of all products with Add to Cart btn & Wishlist icon
 
 - ### Cart Management
   - User can add products to cart from ProductsPage & Wishlist Page too.
   - Cart Shows a list of products in the cart with Qty of each product.
   - Increase/Decrease Qty of products in cart.
   - Delete Item from Cart or Move items to Wishlist directly.
   - **Cart Summary** -
      - Total Price of the items excluding Tax.
      - Total Amount Saved with Discounts.
      - Total Tax Payable.
      - Total Price of The Cart
      - Place Order CTA button

  - ### Wishlist Management
      - Total Products in Wishlist.
      - Remove from Wishlist & Move To Cart Btn.

  - ### Address Management
      - CRUD operations on Addresses. 
      - Select a default Address for Orders.

  - ### Payment Integration 
      - Payment Integration using razorpay to pay using any online payment method.

  - ### Order Managgement
      - A list of orders you have placed with Payment Success/Failed Status
  
  - ### Login & Signup
      - I can login using my **email** and **password**.
      - Login using Test Credentials
      - Crate a new Account by Signing Up.
